### nervous system
After the receptor cell inside ourselves is stimulated by the outside, the ion channel on the surface of the cell membrane opens, which changes the voltage of the inner and outer membranes of nerve cells. Before stimulation, the potential difference between the inner and outer membranes is positive outside and negative inside, and after opening, it becomes negative outside and positive inside. This section of negative outside and positive inside is transmitted along the nerve cells, which becomes a biological current Where nerve cells and nerve cells come into contact, current is transmitted to the next cell through synapses

All I want to talk about is how the nervous system is to send the physical senses to out brain and what the reflex (especially conditioned reflex) means.

First, we human have nerve cells called receptor near the surface of our body, these cells enable us to feel things outside. When the receptors stimulated by force or changes of the temperature, ion channels on cell membrane surface open, so the changes of inner and outer membrane voltage difference of nerve cells, resulting in the bioelectric current. This is how the touch and temperature be translated into electric signal. Moreover, the electrical signal conducts between the nerve cells through chemicals emitted by the synapse of nerve cells.  This point is rather easy and mentioned in our textbook in high school.

Second, with signals above passing between cells inside our body, the nervous system can make very complicated actions become true. The reflex means the regular response of humans and animals to stimuli, it is the basic way for the nervous system to regulate various functional activities of the body. The reflex can be divided into two kinds of conditional reflex and unconditioned reflex. We can distinguish the two by judging whether the reflex is inborn or can be acquired, the key to establishing conditional reflex is repeat (or exercise), just like the examination of Pavlov's dog. For example, people's learning process is the process of establishing conditioned reflexes. So, apparently, we should put more attention in conditional reflex, and if one want to gain solid knowledge, you should always review and strengthen what you learn.